DROP TABLE results;
CREATE TABLE results (
id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
start_instant TIMESTAMP,

city_main_time INT,
city_airport_time INT,
city_construction_time INT,
city_hospital_time INT,
city_restaurant_time INT,
city_road_time INT,
city_science_time INT,

body_main_time INT,
body_bulb_time INT,
body_cutlery_time INT,
body_gust_time INT,
body_heart_time INT,
body_scaffold_time INT,
body_shield_time INT,

adipose_time INT,
carcinoma_time INT,
cardiomyocytes_time INT,
endothelial_time INT,
leukocytes_time INT,
neurones_time INT,
osteoclast_time INT,
pulmonary_time INT,

city_main_errors INT,
city_airport_errors INT,
city_construction_errors INT,
city_hospital_errors INT,
city_restaurant_errors INT,
city_road_errors INT,
city_science_errors INT,

body_main_errors INT,
body_bulb_errors INT,
body_cutlery_errors INT,
body_gust_errors INT,
body_heart_errors INT,
body_scaffold_errors INT,
body_shield_errors INT,

adipose_errors INT,
carcinoma_errors INT,
cardiomyocytes_errors INT,
endothelial_errors INT,
leukocytes_errors INT,
neurones_errors INT,
osteoclast_errors INT,
pulmonary_errors INT,

custom_time INT,
custom_errors INT
)